OK so this one's concat implement the JavaScript array dot
concat function in the type system so it takes 2
arguments.
The output should be the new array and that includes
inputs in left to right order.
So if we have an array with one and we
can cat it with another one that just has the
value 2, then we get back a new array which
has two values.
The first value is 1 and the second value is
2.
OK, pretty straightforward.
So same business here.
What do you, where would you start?
What do you what are you thinking?
So I want them both to be arrayed so these
extends again.
And I'll format you as we go because we can.
We only got 60 characters to work with all right.
Then I don't know whether I can.
But you know, if I was dealing with like runtime
values, I would spread them.
But I don't know if that's possible, but maybe he.
Put auto completed for you.
I hate when that happens.
Maybe that'll do it.
Yep.
That's it, You got it.
It, it's always nice when, when the TypeScript type like
looks, looks like the way that you would write it
when you're dealing with with values, we're dealing with the
runtime.
Sometimes the logic is weird, like you use extends the
way you'd use equals.
And sometimes that kind of makes the types confusing, yes.
So whenever it kind of stays within that syntax of
of values, it's always easier for me to to understand
and deal with.
I love it as well.
Yeah, it's a it's a it's a nice convenience when
that, when that day comes.
This one, I looked online for other examples of how
other people solve this and I didn't find much.
The only one I found which does pass the tests
if we search, if we if we rename things here,
this passes all the tests.
But this one is not so great.
So you did the right thing, I think, which is
that you put a constraint on the generic.
You forced it to say that T is AT and
you are both arrays.
But if we made a new like let's say we
made, you know, like let's say we made A5B5C5 here
and then we passed in some other thing here like
we passed in a can, this one down here that
we have won't error.
It will return never, which is I guess correct.
But really it's it's usually better just to have like
if you know in advance that you only want to
accept arrays, if you do it this way with the
with the generic constraints like you did, then you get
an error here that's pretty easy to understand.
So string does not satisfy the constraint unknown array.
So that's just something on that.
But yeah, that's it.
There was no other way that I saw it to
do this.
This seems like this is I'm sure there's some like
quirky way with iteration and like recursion, but this, this
was predominantly the way people solve this one is the
way you did it.
So cool.